Wifi credentials (#12793)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/includes/wifi_credentials_shell.txt

Configuring Wi-Fi access point credentials
==========================================

This sample uses the :ref:`lib_wifi_credentials` library to manage Wi-Fi credentials.
Before the sample can connect to a Wi-Fi network, you must configure at least one credential set.

> Once your device has been flashed with this sample, you can add a credential by connecting to your device's UART interface and then entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your device has been flashed with this sample, connect to your device's UART interface and add a credential using the following command:
```

Author: I think that it's more correct to use "add credentials using". Password and ssid counts as seperate credentials, and therefore plural form is better, no?

Reviewer: Agreed, plural is better.

> .. code-block:: console
> 
>       wifi_cred add <NetworkSSID> WPA2-PSK <NetworkPassword>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   wifi_cred add *NetworkSSID* WPA2-PSK *NetworkPassword*
```

> Where ``<NetworkSSID>`` is replaced with the SSID of the Wi-Fi access point you want your device to connect to, and ``<NetworkPassword>`` is its password.
> Then either reboot the device or use the ``wifi_cred auto_connect`` command to manually trigger a connection attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where *NetworkSSID* is replaced with the SSID of the Wi-Fi access point you want your device to connect to, and *NetworkPassword* is its password.
Then either reboot the device or use the ``wifi_cred auto_connect`` command to manually trigger a connection attempt.
```

From now on, these credentials will automatically be used when the configured network is reachable.

> Enabling :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_PSA` instead of using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SETTINGS` stores Wi-Fi credentials in PSA protected storage, adding more security.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_PSA` Kconfig option instead of using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SETTINGS` stores Wi-Fi credentials in a PSA protected storage, adding more security.
```

> See the :ref:`Wi-Fi shell sample documentation <wifi_shell_sample>` for more details on the ``wifi_cred`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample document for more details on the ``wifi_cred`` command.
```

Configuring Wi-Fi access point credentials
==========================================

This sample uses the :ref:`lib_wifi_credentials` library to manage Wi-Fi credentials.
Before the sample can connect to a Wi-Fi network, you must configure at least one credential set.

> Once your device has been flashed with this sample, connect to your device's UART interface and add credentials using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have flashed your device with this sample, connect to your device's UART interface and add credentials using the following command:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    wifi_cred add *NetworkSSID* WPA2-PSK *NetworkPassword*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   wifi_cred add <"NetworkSSID"> <SecurityMode (WPA2-PSK, WPA3-SAE, ...)> <NetworkPassword>
```
Maybe find a way to reference the supported security types. Somehow, and instructions how to find it.

wifi scan can be used to locate available APs and their security mode so instructions on that would be nice.

Reviewer 2: Using wifi scan means that we also need to include the wifi shell in our net samples.

Where *NetworkSSID* is replaced with the SSID of the Wi-Fi access point you want your device to connect to, and *NetworkPassword* is its password.
Then either reboot the device or use the ``wifi_cred auto_connect`` command to manually trigger a connection attempt.

From now on, these credentials will automatically be used when the configured network is reachable.

> Enabling the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_PSA` Kconfig option instead of using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_SETTINGS` stores Wi-Fi credentials in a PSA protected storage, adding more security.

Reviewer 2: I suggest that we set the default value of the wifi credentials PSA backend to y when building for non-secure wifi builds.
And update the comment to say something like.

When building for non-secure the wifi credentials backend will be set to PSA using TFM. This ensures that credentials are stored to and retreived from protected storage, adding more security.

Reviewer 2: ie.

```
config WIFI_CREDENTIALS_BACKEND_PSA
	bool "PSA Protected Storage"
	depends on BUILD_WITH_TFM && !TFM_PROFILE_TYPE_MINIMAL
	default y
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Can add a comment here about the auto connect feature.

The wifi credential shell enables auto connect that ensure that when the device reboots, or resets and there are credentials the device will automatically try to connect to the stored list of credentials.

The auto connect feature can be disabled by unsetting CONFIG_WIFI_CREDENTIALS_SHELL_AUTO_CONNECT.

Author: the auto connect feature only triggers a connection attempt, when rebooting the the device the device will anyhow automatically try to connect with the credentials in the stored list.
